Fix custom property value filter suggestions (#4720)
plausible/analytics: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed
### Fixed

> - Fix returning filter suggestions for custom property values in the dashbaord Filter modal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix returning filter suggestions for multiple custom property values in the dashboard Filter modal
```
